# aGritty-creative-portfolio

Hello, I'm a programmer and this page I am designing is to be my introduction as one.  My journey begins in 2019 while working as a Refrigeration Technician all around the state of Georgia.  I began learning the basics of coding; however I always had my hand in software just messing around.  Throughout the time I began to learn code my life has made some drastic changes, and now I am a student enrolled at Georgia State University majoring in Computer Science.  This profile is my way of challenging myself by implementing all that I have studied, formally and informaly, and displaying it publically.  The first page is the introduction of who I am as my programmer name GrittyByte, and to showcase certain life achievements I have made thus far in life.  There also is a weather section on the first page to show my comfort and use of API.  The next page is titled Coder Intel and here is where I will drop nuggets of information that I have helped me to understand the multitude of computer languages I am disciplined in.  Following that is the Degree Status page which will show a chart of classes taken and classes to come as I trek this journey to see myself obtain the Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.  Then we have the Network page which will be the page so others can find me on my socials or email as well.  Last, but certainly not least is the Healthy Recipes page which will be a collection of delicious high-protien meals that I have personally cooked that I can stand behind on how great the meals will be for those willing to try them.  Anyways, this is GrittyByte and I hope to make an impact.